•COLORS

 I chose blue tons for my website because it’s my favorite color and blue brings up stability, 
calmness and productivity (according to color psychology).

Background- #c2c7cd (light gray)

Logo-

      color:  #062a95 (navy blue)
      font: Wonder Bay
      effects: bold, size 40


Navigation Menu-

      color: #000000 (black)
      font: Candara
      effects: italic, size 24


Line Style- added to separate header from main content and main content from footer.
       
      color: #2a6099
      size: 0.02"


Header(h1): used to name PORTFOLIO, WHO AM I and CONTACT INFO.

      color: #729fcf
      font: Wonder Bay
      effects: bold, italic, size 40


Text-

      color: #000000 (black)
      font: Candara
      effects: size 13


Footer-

     color: #729fcf
     font: Calibri Light
     effects: size 13
     phone icon source: https://icons8.com/icons/set/phone



• IMAGES

- aboutme.jpg : Selfie taken by myself through my iPhone.
- contact.jpg : Photo by Javier Gonzales from Pexels.com
- portfolio.jpg : Photo by picjumbo.com from Pexels.com


• PORTFOLIO

(It's empty for now)


• ABOUT ME

  Hi, my name is Diogenes Luz, a Brazilian guy living in San Francisco, California. I am an enthusiastic, creative and teamwork person
who is moved by new ideas and projects. When I was 18 years old I started in Cosmetology school then I realized how my brain really works
and how happy I am when I need to use my creativity to deal with challenges. Years go by and I moved to SF which my inspirations and wills had changed,
so now I’m ready for new adventures. 
  In this new phase of my life I am focused on learning how the tech industry works and I have found out it’s completely a new world with a new language.
My dream-job would be working for Apple Inc because the company is based in minimalism and I am crazy about that! The products, the layout and the stores itself
are breathtaking. Hope y’all enjoy my web page, cheers!



• CONTACT

-diogeneslumi@gmail.com
-415 619 1677
- -email icon source: https://icons8.com/icons/set/email


•PORTFOLIOS FROM INTERNET


- http://idealhut.com/  

I have found this Portfolio very interesting the way all colors match, mostly blue and pink are combining very well
and there are my favorite colors. The background doing an animation of sorta sunset kind of annoys me but overall 
it’s a very nice Portfolio.

HEAD: Starts at BLOG and ends at the house icon.
MAIN: From the animated Cities Image to Leonardo da Vinci quote.
FOOTER: From the pencil icon to All rights Reserved phrase.


- http://www.timbrack.de/ 

Minimalism is something that calls my attention very easily. The way Tim Brack set up his website is very different
and creative, I would see myself developing something like his. My only negative opinion is his Portfolio
isn’t easy to understand if you don’t have a minimum knowledge about tech.

HEAD: From “My name” to “cheers.”
MAIN: From “Tim Brack, art director” to the word “depot”.
FOOTER: From “You can contact me” to “xing.”


- https://adamscreation.com/ 

Adam’s Portfolio is my favorite one from those three! The simple structure makes it very easy to use and nice to look at.
My only concern would be the images, the colors are too vibrant and do not match to each other.

HEAD: Start at Adam logo and ends at blog word on same line.
MAIN: From the messages changing to the “Send a message” rectangle.
FOOTER: From the “Follow us” to All rights reserved.















 
    